Franchise :
 This setup is well suited for existing businesses, which already have a walkin clientele and want to increase their revenue and profitability with minimal investment.
 The Keydroid Franchise Partner Program welcomes you to an elite club access of dealership price for Keydroid products at no moq.
 Which means you can order for a single unit and still have access to dealership price.
 Shipping charges are additional as Rs.300 per shipment and Zero over orders of Rs.20,000 value.
 This model is perfectly suited for existing businesses like car wash centers, accessory shops, gift shops, watch stores, Gyms, Cafe, Jewelery stores and other high end product retail centers.
 Franchise can also take a location in a mall and conduct direct sales through a kiosk.
 Every Franchise partner gets the following from Keydroid as a welcome kit :
 • High tech stylish display unit for Keydroid products
* LED signage for Keydroid authorized dealership of approx 3ft-4ft size
* branding to setup a dedicated corner in store for Keydroid products


Total investment for the franchise partner model stands at approx Rs. 75 Thousand, 50000/- refundable when total order value reaches Rs.8Lakhs.
Also, franchise can avail branded setup like showcases and posters etc.
 The franchise also have the option to run dedicated ads in the region throuh the central Keydroid ad account, at only actual cost of ads and Zero management fees.
Hello!

This is Keydroid India reaching out to you. We have received your dealership inquiry and we are thrilled to connect with you. 
Please feel free to reach out to us via WhatsApp or give us a call at 9369924190 to discuss the dealership opportunity further.

To explore our products, exclusive offers, and stay updated with the latest information, we invite you to click on the link below to subscribe to our channel:

👉 https://www.youtube.com/@keydroidindia

Don't miss out on our exciting content! Click on the link below to join our WhatsApp channel:

👉 https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029Vame1JqHQbRvG99Lkx47

Looking forward to the possibility of collaborating with you!



https://www.youtube.com/shorts/e425ggff8v8